---
title: "SBMS Monitor Privacy Policy"
layout: legal
updated: 22.02.2024
---

## Plain English

SBMS Monitor never transmits your identifiable information anywhere.
Some basic analytics are captured in a privacy-first way. These
analytics are used to improve the app, and cannot be traced back to
you.

## Legal Speak

SBMS Monitor never transmits your identifiable information anywhere.
Some basic analytics are captured in a privacy-first way. These
analytics are used to improve the app, and cannot be traced back to
you.

### Personally-Identifying Information<

SBMS Monitor does not gather or transmit any Personally-Identifying
Information outside of your local device. It only stores preferences
about the user interface within its own database.

### Business Transfers

If SBMS Monitor, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired,
or in the unlikely event that Anchor Watch goes out of business or
enters bankruptcy, this policy and its effects may change or be
amended. (Since SBMS Monitor does not collect any information about
you it's quite unlikely this privacy policy will be changed.)

### Privacy Policy Changes

Although most changes are likely to be minor, SBMS Monitor may
change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in SBMS Monitor's
sole discretion. Your continued use of this app after any change in
this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.

### Indemnity

You hereby indemnify us and undertake to keep us indemnified against
any losses, damages, costs, liabilities and expenses (including,
without limitation, legal expenses and any amounts paid by us to a
third party in settlement of a claim or dispute on the advice of our
legal advisers) incurred or suffered by us arising out of any breach
by you of any provision of these terms of use, or arising out of any
claim that you have breached any provision of these terms of use.
